docs: APM updates for 7.14 (#104232)
elastic/kibana: docs/apm/apm-alerts.asciidoc

A list of available variables can be accessed by selecting the
**add variable** button image:apm/images/add-variable.png[add variable button].

Click **Save**. The rule has been created and is now active!

[float]
[[apm-create-error-alert]]
=== Example: create an error count threshold alert

The error count threshold alert triggers when the number of errors in a service exceeds a defined threshold.
This guide will create an alert for all services based on the following criteria:

* All environments
* Error rate is above 25 for the last minute
* Check every 1 minute, and alert every time the rule is active
* Send the alert via email to the site reliability team

From any page in the APM app, select **Alerts and rules** > **Error count** > **Create threshold rule**.
Change the name of the alert, but do not edit the tags.

Based on the criteria above, define the following rule details:

* **Check every** - `1 minute`
* **Notify** - "Every time alert is active"
* **Environment** - `all`
* **Is above** - `25 errors`

> * **For the last** - `25 errors`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **For the last** - `1 minute`
```

[[apm-alert-manage]]
=== Manage alerts and actions

> From the APM app, select **Alerts** > **View active alerts** to be taken to the Kibana **Rules and Connectors** page.

Reviewer 2: Tested this against a 7.14 snapshot. Looks like the flow is select **Alerts and rules** > **Manage rules** to be taken to the Kibana **Rules and Connectors** page.

Author: How in the heck did I mess that up?

Author: ```suggestion
From the APM app, select **Alerts and rules** > **Manage rules** to be taken to the Kibana **Rules and Connectors** page.
```
